ktouchxapi
==========

Colsolidate progress for all users of KTouch on a system, and send the data to a xAPI endpoint.

About
-----

This program searches all user directories on the current system, looking for statistics files
generated by [KTouch](http://edu.kde.org/applications/all/ktouch). It reads and parses this information and
converts it into actor-verb-object statements. Then it connects to a xAPI endpoint and synchronizes the statements
with the data there.

For detailed options on how to run the program, run it from the command line without options.

Installation
------------

This program is distributed using npm, so install it like so:

    sudo npm install -g ktouchxapi

Caveats
-------

This program requires node 0.10 or higher. If you use linux, see upgrade instructions [here](https://github.com/joyent/node/wiki/installing-node.js-via-package-manager).

Todo
----

Needed for this program to be usable:

* Use proper names for lectures. Load the lecture names from the lecture file, as specified in the stats file.
  Also, accept a search path where to look for lecture files if it is not available in the exact location
  specified by the lecture file.
* Use the verb "completed" if the accuracy is above 98% and if the number of typed chars are greater than 300,
  otherwise use "attempted". The 98% figure as well as the 300 figure should be configurable by a command line /
  config option.
  Also, let this affect both the "successful" and "completed" flags.
* Save the chars per minute as score.

Nice to have
------------

Currently, the program takes a bit of time to run, and the only way to get it to continously update
the xAPI LRS would be to run it on a cron nightly. It would be really nice if it could run as a daemon
and monitor the statistics files for changes. This could be done for example using
[inotify](https://www.npmjs.org/package/inotify).
